Hello, freak bitches. So you're obsessed with UFO's, right?
Uh, is that safe to say? I.
I, yeah, safe to say, but it's, it's not so much just the UFO itself. I mean,
there, I don't call them that anymore. We call these advanced aerial threats.
They're different, but gosh, you were honed in our word.
We weren't supposed to really get into here in the first part of the,
of the show. Did you have a plan? I have a very, I have a very long plan,
detailed plan. We're going to start with my body. We're just going to.
Talk about my body for a lot and okay.
What do you want to talk about in terms of your body?
Well, my body is interesting. It's unique.
It's it's.
It changes shape. And what I've noticed is it's just changing.
It's getting larger and larger getting wider depending upon what you put in it,
but you're off. Can I cuss? Yeah. Yeah, for sure. We're on the internet.
You're so.
Fit. You shook my hand. Are they going to break my hand? I'm sorry. Yeah,
just don't be strong. I didn't mean to don't be so handsome.
Hand. Just thought it.
Was a handshake. I know. Well,
it's one of those power moves you ever see when Trump shakes people's.
Hands. Yeah. It pulls him in and he's like, yeah, he does do weird.
Weird like that. Yeah. Yeah. I didn't mean to do that.
It just meant to shake your hand like a man. Um, well.
I, I took it as like, no, your place.
Oh, this is my show. I didn't think that. Interesting. Um,
so how, when did you get.
Obsessed with this aerial threat thing? And why do you,
why do you call them threats?
We'll get into that, I guess. Um, but, uh, uh,
I got into when I was in junior high, um, for some weird reason,
I had like some time off and, um,
and I went to the school library and like seventh grade and I was like,
I gotta to read some boring. What am I going to read?
And I saw this one book and it had a picture of the Lochness monster in like a
UFO mall that looks cool. And I read that and I was like, holy cow,
these are like real, it wasn't all science fiction. I mean,
the way the book was laid out was like, these are like real events. I'm all,
there's no, no way. Really. And then, uh,
when the band started doing its thing in the back of the van,
there were no smartphones. So as we were buying books and, um,
and I would just lay there, we'd have like 20 hour drives. And,
and so I started buying books on the UFO phenomenon and I was,
once you do that, it's a black hole. Yeah.
It's definitely a rabbit hole. You get sucked into it. I, uh, at my house,
I have a frame poster. That's the cover of the Roswell daily news. Yeah.
That shows the day after the Roswell crash,
where it says that the air force came and recovered the wreckage and you know,
the whole day I've been obsessed with this since I was a little kid. Yeah.
I, I think, I think that's a, I think that's by design.
I think that this generation is, uh,
was meant to have this stuff come out. Um, but you know,
I can't prove that that's just my feeling.
What, what makes you feel that like.
Um, because of exactly what you said, there's a lot of people,
I don't believe that some of the, um,
I don't believe that some of the events happened on accident. You know,
I think that, uh, there's been a lot of events that are on purpose.
Some have been for show, some have been for, um, I mean,
there's a variety of variety of reasons,
but I think a lot of it is a control system.
That's really pushing humanity in a very specific direction.
So like, they've got a timeframe where they've had these events take place.
Is that what you think?
And they also time travel,
which is different than what people think in like a movie where they sit in a
machine and you know,
all of a sudden you're in the 1930s and you've got to go save humanity. Um,
when you use the technology, you have a, there's a time, uh,
difference between where,
what they're doing inside of an artificial artificially created bubble of
gravity of sorts, and then what's on the outside.
So if you're on the inside of one of those machines, everything would be skewed,
more black and white.
There'd be like a red shift and everybody would look frozen.
So you literally could fly around and grab a Coke out of someone's hand and put
it in someone else's hand. It's really, where are you getting this from?
We'll take a wild guess. Look at the people I was surrounded by.
You know, w so the people you're surrounded by are telling you this,
is that what it is?
Uh, well, I, I don't want to get into that, but the people I'm surrounded with,
um, and myself, uh, you know, are very close to this stuff, but the,
the physics, you know, the, the physicist,
that's a co-founder of my company to the star. He's a Nobel nominee.
He wrote the book on plasma physics. He, uh, what's his name, uh,
how put off Dr. Hall put off. And he, he created well viewing.
Do you know what remote viewing is?
He's the creator of this CIA psychic spy program,
but he also has done like really exotic advanced
forefront, propulsion work for the past, um, decades and decades actually.
I mean, he's the, he's deep into the, like quantum this and that. So,
uh, he's the one that actually told me about the red shift. Yeah.
And so they have experienced this physically,
or is this just a theoretical or they know that it exists.
I like the technology. Yes. Uh.
I th I believe, um, that the technology,
uh, not only exists, we've figured out how to play with it,
but I'm not going to really get into that here. I w what,
that is what we're doing at my company, though, that is the announcement.
So Steve justice was head of advanced programs at the skunkworks and the
skunkworks, or who built, you know,
the S the famous secret bases you hear about skunkworks.
Did you know the U2 spy plane, the Sr 71 Blackbird, Def, uh,
one 17 stealth fighter.
And it's all groom lake out there, all that kind of.
Stuff. And, um, and he literally was in charge of all the advanced programs. So,
you know, you got the boss and you got him. And, um, he came,
uh, he just finished his career over there within the past two months.
I think it is an, and he was on stage with me when we came out and said,
we're going to be building one of these things.
So when, when you say that this, all this technology exists,
have they explain this to you? Or have you seen it physically?
Oh, I haven't seen anything physically like that. I'm not,
I wouldn't be allowed to go anywhere if that does or doesn't exist. So they've.
Just explained to you that this exists, um,
and that this is in the hands of the U S government.
I think. No, no, I see. I don't want to get into that kind of stuff, but, um,
you don't mind, well.
Why is it that you want to not get into certain things?
Well, I don't want to speak act, you know,
I represent more than myself these days. Right. So, uh,
I definitely have to watch what I say, well,
who do you represent when you say you represent more than yourself,
the team that I'm with.
So when you look at the people that are a part of my company,
it's under secretary of defenses and defense and senior intelligence service.
Is there a list of these people like that we could see? Oh.
Yeah. I thought you guys would have had that. So what.
I mean, is there like a list where folks could see it online?
Yeah. They can go to, um, to the stars, academy.com and scroll down,
and you'll be able to see who they all are. So, so.
How did you get linked up with all these people? That.
Story might be a better way to start,
because a lot of people don't know this part of the story,
and I think you're going to find it pretty odd as well, but, uh, okay.
So we'll back up a couple of years. So, um, I ha I was obviously, uh, you know,
I, I started the band blink and blink went places. And, um, and then, uh,
but we always had a weird band relationship, like most bands,
and we also thought that we would never be big.
So we started companies on the side and, uh,
I had a company that incubated a lot of small startups,
like software and apparel and hardcore skate,
surf companies and stuff like that. Well,
I learned a lot from that and I pulled out an entertainment startup called to
the stars,
and I knew I was going to be doing kind of like science fiction,
franchised stories, just like Disney, but science fiction for adults.
And what that means is, you know, I make a story, I title it, I brand it.
And I put out the book and I put up the merchandise and I go make a movie,
you know? And it's, it's a, it's a vertically integrated kind of model. Well,
one of the stories I knew I wanted to put out with secret machines,
which was kind of a historical fiction. Um,
but based on real events about the UFO phenomenon,
but I also knew that I knew that most people don't know because I've studied it
for so long.
And I happened to put some pieces together that most people don't put together.
So w before I came out with that book, um,
and before I came out with the plan to take that,
make major motion pictures and all that kind of stuff, um, I,
I knew I needed to ask permission. So I flew,
I flew around to places. Uh, it, uh, I can't say who they were, but,
and they, they listened to my pitch. And, um, and then I got a,
I got a email out of nowhere that says,
meet us next to the Pentagon at this day in time. And I did that. Um, and.
From, I got an email from just, I just tend to person.
I just can't tell you who it's from. And so then I go out, uh.
Yeah, you're next to the Pentagon. So you just go to the Pentagon.
I flew out to Pentagon city. Yeah. Yeah. And so the dude, this is freaking out.
I'll tell you when I started freaking out, there's more that it gets way worse.
This is nothing. Um, so that started me out in, uh, out near DC,
taking some other high level meetings in there, somebody, um,
at a very high level that, that, uh, closed the door of many. I says, okay,
I'm going to introduce you to somebody. And, um, that person comes to San Diego,
puts me on the phone with a general.
And the general is listening to my little stump speech about what I want to do
with this franchise. Cause it was, I, I definitely didn't want to, you know, I,
wasn't looking to like force disclosure and I wasn't looking to be rogue and
break secrets. I was like, look, I know what's going on here.
And you guys are doing a kick-ass job and I would have done the exact same
thing.
Should I have been the guy at the top that had to make some really hardcore
decisions 70 years ago. So I'm, I want to support you.
I think people are cynical because there's a vacuum.
You guys can't say what you're doing.
So all these people are just coming up with a bunch of to say, oh, you know,
they don't want us to know, or we can't handle it.
Or it's all about oil and money and all this weird, um.
On, you would put these pieces together independently. I did.
And so based on books that you.
Read, yeah. People think, you know,
people think that like places like the CIA and the DIA,
all these intelligence organizations have, um, you know,
a monopoly on information, they don't,
they get their information from the real world too. You know,
they do have access to, to, you know, archives of information.
They do have access to some, uh, amazing, you know,
satellite data and stuff like that.
But if you're smart and you take your time and you know where to look and you
find patterns, um,
you can pretty much put together all the same they can kind of, you know,
and that's what I did. And so when I pitched what I wanted to do, he said,
um, come up and meet me tomorrow. And so I flew up to NASA,
actually on NASA Ames and had a two-hour meeting there.
And after two hours, that person says, um, he looks me in the eyes,
I'm going to introduce you to someone else. And he did.
And so I got on the phone with this person and this person, you know, go,
I'm a skeptic, I'm a skeptic. And then at the end of the conversation, he goes,
um, he goes, fly out and see me. And so I did,
and that's when things really started happening.
So I'm now I fly out to this airport and I sit at a
table in a restaurant at the airport. No one's in there.
And this gentleman sits down and the waiter comes up.
He waves off the waiter and he looks me in the eye and says it was the cold war.
And we found a life for him. And that's when I started my pants,
because I know a lot about this stuff, but I,
you always wait to talk to somebody. Um,
that is one of the inside people you always.
Wanna hear. Well,
he sits down at a restaurant with you at the airport and tells you that they
found a life.
Form. Yes. And during the cold war,
during the cold war and everything that they did,
and every decision they made at the time was because of the consciousness of the.
Cold war. Why is this guy decided to meet with you.
At an airport? Because the only way you meet with these people,
the only way you ever would have anyone talk to you is if you can provide a
service that they need. And my service was pretty interesting to them,
because I said, look, you guys, you know, you,
you struggle with saying disclosure. You want to tell everybody everything,
which I don't think everyone should know everything. Um,
and then you say they can't handle it. So don't tell them anything, you know?
And I'm like, there's, there's a middle road there.
And here's the way I would do the middle road. And, uh, it resonated with them,
you know?
And so we had a pretty epic conversation for like two hours.
Why.
You, like, why, what is it about what your message was, your idea was,
um,
that made them sort of tell you some top secret that they've tried to keep away
from the American people.
When you tell your guy who was like a big celebrities and a huge rock band,
like you, and you just say, Hey, meet me in an airport.
I'm going to tell you about a life form that we found during the cold war,
because you're famous or because you know, things because.
I have a service. So it's not a, it sounds easy when you play it like that,
but it's service a service. Like what can you do for them? Okay.
If they need help with communication, they don't have a way to make a movie,
a book. They don't know how they're not gonna have a way to make documentaries.
They don't have a way to go on,
on a big show like this and communicate with young people. They don't do that.
And nor should they, they're they look at,
you got to look at what they're doing. Um,
so they look to you for a spokesperson role. I wouldn't say spokesperson role,
a communication role. It may.
So they would give some information to you and you would get it out to people.
And now why wouldn't they do it themselves?
Because they wouldn't have the same platform. They don't have the same platform.
And the other reason is, is people have tried to do movies and stuff like this.
Uh, but none of, none of them know I was fortunate enough to,
to know the core story and.
Most people don't. So explain that then, if you don't mind going back,
like you said, that you were able to put things together,
that other people weren't, what are those things? Um.
Essentially it's the book secret machines where you have a lot of private
finance, you have some world bankers and you have, um,
a lot of people internationally working together to figure out a plan
of how to, how to push back against something.
That's been coming here for a very long time, but using off the books,
finances and using, uh, mechanisms, um, that,
that we're not totally aware exist.
And what people have to realize is, you know, they,
the UFO phenomenon, isn't a phenomenon. There's,
the universe is gigantic and there's life
everywhere, every where, and, and,
and there's a lot of life that's way more advanced than we are.
And just like we're Voyager left our solar system,
a little dinky satellite from the seventies, um, there, and,
and just like my company is going to be building, you know, this, this, uh,
electromagnetic craft that really can do the same thing.
The time that I've been telling you about other civilizations have that too,
which means you can traverse those distances of space.
And what you have to think about is what happened when we first discovered that
and what did we do about it? And there's no, you know,
you gotta look at 47 in a very peculiar way.
90 days after the Roswell event with CIA was created,
the air force was separated from the army.
The national security act was created.
And all those things are mechanisms to start learning more and to start getting
private industry off the ground.
So that had nothing to do with world war II. You think it had to do with aliens?
Oh.
I absolutely think it well, both because what, uh,
what I believe crashed at Roswell was, um,
w I believe it was German from Argentina,
but it had hallmarks and technology based on alien technology.
So we put out a story saying it's alien.
And then we put out a story saying it's a weather balloon,
but the real thing it was, we didn't want anyone to guess.
And that's why we put those two things out there. And that's,
that's kind of how they do it. I think they did that with the moon. It's like,
you know, we went to the moon and then they put out this meme kind of thing.
Like we can't, we, we didn't go to the moon,
but I didn't want people really going well, what's on the moon that, you know,
so these things are managed until they can figure it out,
because you've got a bunch of normal dudes in suits,
sitting at a big table like this,
and it's their responsibility to figure this thing out.
And this is monumentally big. Um,
but back.
Then, and how would they manage this then?
How these regular dudes without access to communication like you have,
have they managed to disseminate this information and, and,
and sort of confuse everybody? I.
Think, well, I can tell, I don't know how they did it.
I do know that they infiltrated UFO groups.
That was the very first thing they did in the fifties.
Sorta like how FBI agents and undercover cops infiltrated occupy wall street
pretended to be radical hippies and started fights. Yep.
They did that. They get access to what the civilians are, learning,
how information transfers from one group to another. Um,
and then they start deflecting all their knowledge and putting in leaks and this
and that, and getting them off the main track,
not because of a disdain for citizens and not because, um,
of any other reason than picture ISIS,
we don't know what ISIS is.
They got a nuclear bomb and we caught a guy trying to sneak in this bomb.
Right.
Are they going to stop and come sit on your couch and tell you all about it? No.
And if you're like on the radio and there's all these people going, oh my God,
we're going to die. Obama, Obama bomb. There are, hold up a second. You know,
you're not going to die, but we need to learn more about this.
And we've got to figure it out before we sit down and talk to you about it.